== Maestro example Rails 3 application.

This is an example Rails 3 application which uses {Maestro}[http://github.com/bploetz/maestro] to provision and configure a cloud named "example".

The "example" cloud applies the Chef role "allinone" to a single EC2 node named "web-1". The "allinone" role is a complete web stack in a box, containing:

- {Ubuntu 10.04}[http://www.ubuntu.com]
- {Nginx}[http://wiki.nginx.org/Main] + {Phusion Passenger}[http://www.modrails.com] to run your Rails 3 app.
- {MySQL}[http://dev.mysql.com] running on an EBS volume for persistent storage, as described in {Eric Hammond's guide}[http://developer.amazonwebservices.com/connect/entry.jspa?categoryID=100&externalID=1663].
  It also includes cron jobs to snapshot the database every hour, and to maintain a rolling window of the last 10 snapshots.
- {Postfix}[http://www.postfix.org] for outbound email, sending through an SMTP provider ({AuthSMTP}[http://www.authsmtp.com] in this example).
- {Monit}[http://mmonit.com/monit] monitors for Nginx, MySQL, and Postfix.
- Creates a "deploy" user to be used for deploying your app to the instance.

The example cloud uses the Rails environment named "staging".

=== Caveats

This is just an example to get you started. There's some hacks here and there, and some configurations that may not be appropriate for your application
and/or infrastructure. Fork and extend as you see fit.

=== What you need to obtain

- An EBS volume
- An Elastic IP address
- An {AuthSMTP}[http://www.authsmtp.com] account

=== What you need to change within maestro-rails3-example

==== <code>maestro-rails3-example/config/maestro/clouds/maestro-example.rb</code>

The following attributes within the "example" aws_cloud need to be changed:

- <code>keypair_name</code>
- <code>keypair_file</code>
- <code>aws_account_id</code>
- <code>aws_access_key</code>
- <code>aws_secret_access_key</code>
- <code>chef_bucket</code>
- <code>elastic_ip</code>
- <code>ebs_volume_id</code>

The following attributes within the "web-1" ec2_node need to be changed:

- <code>elastic_ip</code>
- <code>ebs_volume_id</code>

The following cookbook_attributes within the "web-1" ec2_node need to be changed:

- <code>public_hostname</code>
- <code>mysql: server_root_password</code>
- <code>mysql_ebs: ebs_volume_id</code>
- <code>mysql_ebs: aws_access_key_id</code>
- <code>mysql_ebs: aws_secret_access_key</code>
- <code>postfix: mydomain</code>
- <code>postfix: relayhost</code>
- <code>postfix: relayport</code>
- <code>postfix: relayuserid</code>
- <code>postfix: relaypassword</code>
- <code>monit: alert_email_address</code>
- <code>monit: from_email_address</code>


==== <code>maestro-rails3-example/config/maestro/cookbooks/mysql_ebs/files/default</code>

Download your X.509 certificate and private key for accessing Amazon Web Services from your Amazon account, and save them in this
directory with the following names:

<code>aws-cert.pem</code>
<code>aws-pk.pem</code>

These are used by a cron job which uses the Amazon EC2 command line tools to maintain a rolling window of the last 10 snapshots of your
EBS volume.

==== <code>maestro-rails3-example/config/maestro/cookbooks/nginx/files/default</code>

Save the SSL certificate and private key for your domain name in this directory with the following names:

<code>server.crt</code>
<code>server.key</code>

==== <code>maestro-rails3-example/config/maestro/cookbooks/users/files/default</code>

Create an SSH keypair for the "deploy" user, which is created for the deployment of your app to the node. Extract
the public key and save in this directory with the following name:

<code>id_rsa-deploy.pub</code>


=== What you need to configure externally

==== DNS

Configure your DNS to point the <code>public_hostname</code> hostname to the Elastic IP associated with the "web-1" ec2 node.


== License

(The MIT License) 

Copyright (c) 2010 Brian Ploetz <bploetz (at) gmail.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
